https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-business/2003-April/001464.html

BUS: ANF proposal
Michael Norrish Michael.Norrish at cs.anu.edu.au
Wed Apr 16 07:53:52 UTC 2003

I hereby submit the following proposal and request an Adoption Index
of 2.

I hereby make this Proposal distributable by transferring 1 Papyrus to
the Bank for this purpose.

-------------------------------------------------------------
PROPOSAL: "Of what worth honor?"

V 2.1  * One last typo corrected.
       * Tabla Rasa increased by 1.
       * Final version for voting.  
       * Most typos pointed out by others fixed without
         comment.
       * More substantive comments in discussion posting.


Amend Rule 1986 ("Role-Based Powers", Power=2) to read:

      An action is a Progressive action if the rules so state.

      If an action is progressive, a Player (the Actor) may 
      perform the action either:
            (a) with the Support of a number Players equal to 
                one plus the number of times that actor has 
                performed that action in the current week;
            (b) by paying a fee equal to the amount of Support
                required in (a);    
            (c) if the number calculated in (a) is zero, by 
                public announcement.

      A progressive action may be associated with a role if
      the rules so state.  If an energetic action is associated 
      with a role, only players who hold that role may perform, 
      or support performance of, that action.

      Rubberstamping a Proposal is a progressive action for 
      Scribes.  A Rubberstamped Proposal becomes Distributable.

      Absolving an entity is a progressive action for Acolytes.  
      Absolving an entity expunges 1 Blot from that entity.

      Debating an Undistributed Proposal is a progressive Action 
      for Politicians.  The effect of Debating a Proposal is to
      change its Chamber to one named by the Politician, 
      provided it is legal for that Proposal to be in the named 
      Chamber and the Proposal is not Sane.


Create a new Rule entitled "Kudos" with a Power of 2 and 
the following text:

      Kudos (singular Kudo) are an integral measure of a Player's 
      Kismet and noteworthiness within the game of Agora.

      The Herald is the recordkeepor of Kudos.  The kudos of a
      Player may only be changed as specified by the rules or by
      an instrument of Power 2 or greater.

      Agora, as a whole, also has a defined number of Kudos.  No
      other non-Player entity has a defined number of Kudos.


Create a new Rule entitled "Enlightenment" with the following text:

      A Player (the Sensei) may, by public announcement, enlighten 
      Agora by choosing two Players to be the Yin and the Yang 
      respectively.  Such enlightenment has the effect of decreasing 
      the Yin's kudos by one and increasing the Yang's kudos by 
      one, provided:
          (i) the Sensei has at least one kudo;
         (ii) the Sensei has not previously enlightened Agora in
              the current week;
        (iii) the Sensei is not the Yang;
         (iv) the Sensei gives eir reasons for choosing both the
              Yin and Yang for a lesson.


Create a new Rule entitled: "Ephemera" with the following text:

      A Patent Title is Ephemeral if the rules state that the
      Patent Title is ephemeral.  Karma is a stuck switch for
      ephemeral patent titles with states Boon and Albatross.
      Defining something to be a 'boon' or an 'albatross' is 
      equivalent to defining it to be an ephemeral Patent Title 
      with its Karma set as defined.

      Players may be permitted or required by the Rules to 
      award or revoke Boons or Albatrosses.  If so, these 
      awards are performed by public announcement by the 
      specified Players.

      A Player may hold multiple instances of a given type of 
      ephemeral Patent title; if so, The Herald need only note 
      the number of instances of these Patent Titles that each 
      player holds.


Create a new Rule entitled "The Garden" with a Power of 2 and
the following text:

      A Daffodil is a Boon that may be awarded as the Rules
      specify or by an Instrument of Power 2 or greater.  

      A Weed is an Albatross that may be awarded as the Rules
      specify or by an Instrument of Power 2 or greater.

      If there are no Players that hold at least one Weed or
      Daffodil, the Herald may repeal this Rule without
      Objection.

      
Create a new Rule entitled "Tabla Rasa" with a Power of 2
and the following text:

      The Herald's Budget shall consist of a positive integer
      between 5 and 25, known as the Tabla Rasa.

      As soon as possible after the beginning of each quarter, 
      the Herald shall announce the Turning of a New Parchment.
      
      The effect of such an announcement is to:
          (A) set each Player's kudos equal to:
              (i)    the Tabla Rasa;
              (ii)   plus the number of boons e holds;
              (iii)  minus the number of albatrosses e holds;
              (iv)   minus one for every 3 Blots e has.
                     
          (B) set Agora's kudos equal to the Tabla Rasa times
              the current number of Players;

          (C) revoke all ephemeral Patent Titles.


The Tabla Rasa is hereby set to 7.

A. When this proposal takes effect, each Player's Kudos are
   set to the Tabla Rasa plus the sum of:
     1/20 * their current Stem holdings;
     1/5  * their current Papyrus holdings;
     1/5  * their current Indulgence holdings;
     1    * their current VE holdings;
     1/4  * the number of Land units they possess.
   rounded down to the nearest integer (after summation).

B. Each Player is hereby awarded a number of daffodils
   equal to half the number of kudos awarded in (A) above,
   rounded up to the nearest integer.


The Treasuror, Payroll Clerk, and Mapkeepor are hereby
awarded 1 Daffodil apiece.

 
Amend Rule 1941 ("Fees", Power=1) to read:

      If the Rules associate a non-negative cost, price, charge, or 
      fee with an action, that action is a fee-based action.  If the 
      specified cost is not an integer, the actual fee is the next 
      highest integer.

      To perform a fee-based action, a Player (the Actor) who is 
      otherwise permitted to perform the action must announce that 
      e is performing the action and announce that there is a fee
      for that action.

      If the Actor has kudos equal to or greater than the fee,
      the action is performed, the Actor's kudos are decreased
      by the fee, and Agora's kudos are increased by the fee.

      Any Player (hereafter the challenger) may announce that
      the Actor possessed insufficient Honor (kudos) to perform
      the action, provided e issues eir challenge within 7 days
      of the attempted action.

      As soon as possible after such a challenge, the Herald
      shall confirm or deny whether the Actor possessed kudos
      equal to or greater than the fee at the time e attempted
      the action.

      If the Actor in fact possessed insufficient honor,
      the action shall be deemed to have not occurred and
      the kudos of the Actor shall be deemed to have not
      changed.  Otherwise the action shall be deemed to have
      occurred (and the change in kudos shall be recorded).
            
      If a Player issues a challenge as above, but more than
      7 days have passed since the attempted action, then
      the action shall be permitted to stand.  As soon as
      possible after a late challenge is issued, the Herald
      shall confirm or deny its correctness.  But in this case
      the Fee shall be recorded even if the Actor is left
      with negative kudos.      

      
Repeal Rule 1479 ("Definition of "Pay Out" and "Bill"", Power=1)


Amend Rule 1677 ("Currency Awards for New Players", Power=1) to read:

      As soon as possible after the beginning of a Player's Grace
      Period, the Registrar shall announce eir Arrival.  This
      Announcement shall have the effect of setting that Player's 
      kudos to twice the Tabla Rasa.

Change the name of Rule 1677 to "Honoring the New"


Amend Rule 1976 ("Mentors' Bonus", Power=1) to read:

      In the four weeks immediately after eir Grace Period ends, a
      Player (hereafter, the 'Protege') may post a single message of
      Gratitude, naming up to four other Players (hereafter, 
      'Mentors') e deems to have been helpful to em as a new Player.

      The effect of such a message is to award each Mentor the Boon
      of mentorship and award the Protege the Boon of politeness.

Change the name of Rule 1976 to "Honoring the Old"


Amend Rule 1940 ("Periodic Compensations", Power=1) to read:

      The boon of Public Service exists for the purpose
      of awarding Officers for serving.

      As soon as possible after the beginning of each month,
      the Assistant Director of Personnel shall award:

          (A) 1 Public Service Boon for each Office, to the 
              Player (if any) who held that Office for 16 or 
              more days in the previous month;

          (B) 1 Public Service Boon to the Player (if any) who was 
              Speaker for at least 16 days of the previous month.              

          (C) 1 Public Service Boon to the Distributor if the 
              Distributor is a Player and was both the Distributor
              and a Player for at least 16 days of the previous
              month.


Amend Rule 502 ("Salary for Judges", Power=1) to read:

      As soon as possible after a Judgement is delivered during the
      Deliberation Period, the Clerk of the Courts shall award the
      Judge the Boon of Wisdom.

      As soon as possible after a Judgement is overturned on appeal,
      the Clerk of the Courts shall award the Judge the Albatross
      of Foolishness.


Amend Rule 1727 ("Happy Birthday", Power=1) by replacing the text:
      BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that, as soon as possible after the
      beginning of Agora's Birthday, the Registrar shall pay out 10
      Stems to each Player;

      BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that, as soon as possible after the end
      of Agora's Birthday, the Speaker shall pay out 5 Stems to each
      Player who, during Agora's Birthday, publicly recognized Agora's
      Birthday;

      BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Notary may select up to three
      Contests, in existence on Agora's Birthday, which have as their
      purpose encouraging the celebration of Agora's Birthday; and
      which Contests, in the Notary's estimation, are worthy of
      recognition for this effort; and shall pay out to the
      Contestmaster of each such Contest 20 Stems;

with:
      BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that, as soon as possible after the end
      of Agora's Birthday, the Herald shall award the boon of
      celebration to each Player who, during Agora's Birthday, 
      publicly recognized Agora's Birthday;

      BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Herald may select one Contest, 
      in existence on Agora's Birthday, which has as its purpose 
      encouraging the celebration of Agora's Birthday.  Within the
      month following Agora's Birthday, that Contest may award its 
      Members the Patent Title Nth Anniversary Ribbon, where N is 
      the number of years of Agora's existence;


Amend Rule 1960 ("Roles", Power=1) by:
             replacing '1 Indulgence' with '2 kudos';
             replacing '3 Indulgences' with '6 kudos'.

Repeal Rule 1992 ("Monks", Power=1)


Amend Rule 1664 ("Rebellion", Power=2) by replacing:
         - The Registrar shall pay out 8 Stems to each Rebellious
           player
with
         - The Registrar shall grant the emphemeral Patent Title
           Rebel Hero to each Rebellious player.

and by removing the following text:
         - The Registrar shall levy a 75% Indulgence tax.  For this
           levy, the Bearor of the Patent Title "Robespierre" is
           tax-exempt.

and by changing the text "Oligarchy membership, and Indulgence holdings" 
to "Oligarchy membership".


Amend Rule 1955 ("The Grand Warden of the Oligarchy", Power=1) to read:

      (a) The Grand Warden of the Oligarchy (GWotO) is an office; its
          holder is recordkeepor of Oligarchs.

      (b) The GWotO's Weekly Report shall include a list of all
          Oligarchs, when their terms as Oligarchs expire, the
          identity of the Speaker, and the date of the next quarterly
          Speaker transition.

      (c) The GWotO shall have a budget containing the Oligarchy
          Charge Requirement, which is a positive integer less 
          than 10, and the Oligarchic Term, which is a number of
          days between 30 and 90.

      (d) The GWotO may Without 2 Objections from Oligarchs replace
          the budget with a proto-budget e publishes when e announces
          eir intent to do so.

The Oligarchy Charge Requirement is hereby set to 6.
The Oligarchic Term is hereby set to 60 days.

Repeal Rule 1892 ("The Treasuror", Power=1)
Repeal Rule 1893 ("The Treasuror's Budget", Power=1)


Amend Rule 1932 ("The Oligarchy", Power=2) to read:

      (a) The Oligarchy is the set of all Players who are Oligarchs.

      (b) An Oligarch may resign eir position in the Oligarchy by
          publicly announcing that e does so. Upon such an
          announcement, e ceases to be an Oligarch.


Amend Rule 1963 by removing the text:
          (6) e is an Oligarch, and e has defaulted on payment of eir
              Oligarchy Upkeep since last becoming an Oligarch.


Amend Rule 1936 ("Auctioning Positions in the Oligarchy") to read:

      (a) Any Player eligible to do so may become an Oligarch at any
          time, by announcing that they do so.  The fee associated
          with this action is the Oligarchy Charge Requirement if the
          Player is not a Politician, and half the Oligarchy Charge
          Requirement if the Player is a Politician.

      (b) By default, a Player remains an Oligarch for a period of
          time equal to the Oligarchic Term.  The Grand Warden of the 
          Oligarchy shall remove a Player from the Oligarchy by public
          announcement, as soon as possible after eir term expires.  
          Other rules may cause Players to cease to be Oligarchs.

      (c) An Oligarch may extend their term of service by a length of
          time equal to the Oligarchic Term at any time by
          announcement.  The Fee associated with this action is the
          same as the fee for becoming an Oligarch.

      (d) The Grand Warden of the Oligarchy is reponsible for tracking
          membership of the Oligarchy, and individual Oligarchs' terms
          of service.

Change the title of Rule 1936 ("Auctioning Positions in the
Oligarchy") to "Oligarchic Service".

All current Oligarchs hereby have their term of service set
to expire 30 days after this rule takes effect.

Repeal Rule 2010 ("Oligarchy Upkeep")

Amend Rule 2027 ("Vacant Oligarchy") to read:

      At any time at which the number of Oligarchs is less than Quorum
      for an Ordinary Proposal, the Grand Warden of the Oligarchy may
      appoint any eligible Player to be an Oligarch, with the Support
      of the appointed Player and Without 3 Objections. The appointed
      Player becomes an Oligarch with a term of service equal to half
      of the Oligarchic Term.

Amend Rule 1607 ("The Promotor", Power=1) to read:

      The Promotor is an office; its holder is responsible for receiving 
      and distributing proposals.

      The Promotor's Weekly Report shall include a list of the titles
      and submission dates of all proposals in the proposal pool.

Repeal Rule 1951 ("Papyri", Power=1)
Repeal Rule 1954 ("Distribution of Papyri", Power=1)

Amend Rule 1036 ("The Proposal Pool", Power=1) to read:

      As soon as possible after the Promotor receives a new Proposal,
      e shall place this Proposal in the Proposal Pool.

      The base Distribution Cost of a Proposal is 1, but this may 
      be altered by other Rules as long as it remains a positive 
      integer.


Amend Rule 1952 ("Making Proposals Distributable", Power=1) to read:

      Each Proposal is either Distributable or Undistributable.
      Initially, each Proposal is Undistributable. When a Proposal
      becomes Disinterested, it immediately becomes Distributable
      and may not become Undistributable by any means as long as
      it remains Disinterested.  The Rules may define other 
      mechanisms through which a Proposal becomes Distributable
      or Undistributable.

      Any Player may make any Undistributable Proposal in the Proposal
      Pool Distributable by publicly announcing that e is doing so 
      and paying a fee equal to the Distribution Cost.  Any Player 
      may make an Undistributed Distributable Proposal Undistributable
      by paying a fee equal to twice the Distribution Cost.


Amend Rule 1449 ("The Assessor", Power=1) to read:

      The Assessor is an office; its holder is responsible for
      receiving and announcing the results of votes on proposals.

      The Assessor's Weekly Report shall include

      * a list of the identity and voting power for Proposals in each
        Chamber, for all entities with nonzero voting power in at
        least one Chamber.

      * the Voting Potentials of every Player.

      * the prevailing mode of voting on Proposals.


Amend Rule 1950 ("Voting Power", Power=2) to read:

      (a) An entity's Voting Power on an Ordinary Proposal is as
          follows:
            (1) An Oligarch: one;
            (2) Any other entity: zero.

      (b) An entity's Voting Power on a Democratic Proposal is as
          follows:

            * A Player:
                  (a) two plus that Player's Voting Potential if
                      that Player is a non-Oligarch Politician;
                  (b) one plus that Player's Voting Potential
                      otherwise.

            * Any other entity: as defined in the Rules, with a
              default of zero if the Rules don't specify the Voting
              power on a Democratic Proposal for that entity.

      (c) An entity's Voting Power on a Parliamentary Proposal is as
          follows:
            (1) One, if the entity is one of the following:
                (a)   The First Estate;
                (b)   The Second Estate;
                (c)   The Third Estate.
            (2) Any other entity, zero.

      (d) The value of an entity's Voting Power for any given Chamber
          at the beginning of each Week shall be in effect for all
          Proposals distributed during that Week. However, if a
          Proposal's Chamber is changed after it has been distributed,
          the Voting Power of each entity for that Proposal is
          redetermined at the time the Chamber is changed.

      (e) An entity may cast as many votes as e wishes on a Proposal,
          in any combination, up to the limit determined by that
          entity's Voting Power on that Proposal, with the exceptions
          that:
              (1) no Player may vote on an Ordinary Proposal unless e
                  is an Oligarch at the time e casts eir vote.
              (2) Votes on Parliamentary Proposals shall only be cast
                  through specific mechanisms indicated by the Rules
                  for each specific entity with Voting Power on
                  Parliamentary Proposals.

Amend Rule 2021 ("Chamber Procedure", Power=2) by replacing clause (a) 
with the following text:

      (a) The Chamber Fee for a Proposal is a Fee for changing the
          Chamber of a Proposal.  For any given Proposal, the Chamber
          Fee is initially 1.

Create a new rule with title "Voting Potential" and a Power of 2, and 
with the following text:

      (a) Associated with every Player is a non-negative integral
          number known as that Player's Voting Potential.  At the
          beginning of each new month, every Player's Voting 
          Potential is set to zero.

      (b) At any time, a Player may, by announcement, set their Voting
          Potential to any positive integer N.  The Fee associated
          with this action is the Oligarchy Charge Requirement 
          multiplied by N.

      (c) The Assessor is responsible for tracking these
          announcements, and recording Players' Voting Potentials.


Amend Rule 947 ("Bonus for Repeal", Power=1) to read:

          If there are 100 or more rules, and a proposal is adopted
          containing a provision that one or more rules be repealed,
          and if, in the Rulekeepor's estimation, the proposal
          simplifies the ruleset, then the Rulekeepor shall award
          the Proposer the Boon of Tapecutter.

          If the Rulekeepor decides that the proposal does not simplify 
          the ruleset, e must announce this decision.


Amend Rule 1678 ("Encourage Proposals by New Players", Power=1) to read:

      If a Proposal passes, and that Proposal was submitted by a
      Player within that Player's Grace Period, then the Assessor
      shall award the Proposor the Boon of Prodigy.


Amend Rule 1568 (Non-active Judges) by replacing the text "a penalty of 0.1
Indulgences for each CFJs" with "a Class of 0.1 times the number of CFJs".


Amend Rule 1942 ("Property", Power=1) by replacing "Treasuror" with
"Notary".

Repeal Rule 1981 ("Embezzlement and Receiving Stolen Property", Power=1)
Repeal Rule 2006 ("Looting Auctions", Power=1) 

Repeal Rule 1974 ("Restriction on Minting of Bank Currencies 
by the Bank", Power=1)

Amend Rule 1853 (Levying Taxes) to read:

      The Recordkeepor of a Currency ("the taxing authority") may 
      levy a tax on that Currency only as follows:

      (A) First, the taxing authority publically issues an
          announcement of intent to levy a tax; second, at a 
          later point, the taxing authority publically issues a 
          tax notice (the levy).

      (B) To be valid, both the notice of intent to levy a tax, and
          the tax notice itself, must specify the elements of the tax,
          viz., the currency being taxed, the tax rate expressed as a
          percentage of holdings (which may not exceed 50%), and any
          exemptions.

      (C) The tax notice must be published between seven and
          fourteen days after the time of the announcement of the
          intent to issue the levy, and must be at least 30 days
          after the last valid tax notice published for that Currency.  
          The announcement of intent to issue the levy may not take
          place while another attempt to levy a tax on that Currency
          is pending under the authority of this Rule.

      (D) The tax may include exemptions on a fixed amount of the
          holdings of every taxable entity, provided that:
           (i) All Players are exempt identical amounts,
          (ii) All Non-players are exempt identical amounts,
         (iii) The Non-players' exemption is less than or equal to 
               the Players' exemption.

      (E) The tax debt for each taxable entity is calculated on the
          basis of the entity's holdings at the time of the
          publication of the notice of intent. Any holdings exempt
          from the tax are exempted, and the tax is applied to the
          remainder at the specified tax rate.      

      (F) A tax notice must also indicate the currency holdings of
          each taxable entity at the time of the publication of the
          notice of intent to levy a tax, and the tax debt incurred by
          each such entity.  Any error in the calculation of holdings
          or tax debts does not invalidate the tax notice with
          respect to the other taxable entities mentioned in it.

      (G) Upon the publication of a valid tax notice, each taxable
          entity incurs a debt to the Mintor of the Currency equal
          to eir tax debt.

      (H) All entities are taxable, except for:
          (i) rebellious players who were rebellious at the time the
              intent to levy was published, and
         (ii) entities explicitly specified by the rule authorizing
              the levy as non-taxable for that levy.

      Other Rules may specify conditions under which an entity
      other than the recordkeepor of a currency may be a taxing
      authority for the purposes of this Rule.


Amend Rule 1661 ("The Right of Patronage", Power=1) to read:

      A Speaker who is not Tainted has the Right of Patronage. This
      Right is the authority to, once a week, award the Boon
      Gold Star to a single Player who has not received this award
      within the preceding four weeks.  The Speaker must provide a
      reason along with the Notice of Award. 

      Such awards are only permitted to recognize acts the Speaker
      believes to be of benefit to the Agora community, acts that the
      Speaker believes to exceed the call of duty, or acts that the
      Speaker believes to be of extreme sacrifice for the good of the
      Game.

Amend Rule 1887 ("Auctions and the Default Auction Procedure", Power=1) 
by deleting the text "(normally the Bank)".

Repeal Rule 1888 ("Private Auctions", Power=1)
Repeal Rule 1983 ("Vickrey Auctions", Power=1)
Repeal Rule 1984 ("Raffles", Power=1)
Repeal Rule 2012 ("Single-Bid Auctions", Power=1)
Repeal Rule 1470 ("The Bank", Power=2)
Repeal Rule 1909 ("The Payroll Clerk", Power=1)
Repeal Rule 1910 ("Stems", Power=1)
Repeal Rule 2011 ("Stems Weather", Power=1)
Repeal Rule 1945 ("Voting Entitlements", Power=1)
Repeal Rule 1946 ("Distribution of Voting Entitlements", Power=1) 

Amend Rule 1458 ("The Notary", Power=1) to read:

      The Notary is an office; its holder is responsible for
      maintaining a record of organizations and their jurisdictions,
      and generic information, excluding holdings, of currencies.

      The Notary's Report shall include the following information:
       
      (A) For each organization:
            (i)  its name;
           (ii)  its Administrator;
          (iii)  its Executor;
           (iv)  its SLC's Maintainer; and
            (v)  its Jurisdiction's Players.

      (B) For each currency, its name, mintor, recordkeepor, 
          and Minimum Unit Quantity.

      Also, as soon as possible after the creation or dissolution
      of any Organization, the Notary shall announce that fact.  If
      an Organization is created, the Notary shall announce the
      above information for that Organization.


Amend Rule 1377 (The Herald) by replacing the text "its holder 
is recordkeepor of Indulgences and is responsible" by "its holder is 
responsible".

Repeal Rule 1435 (Indulgences).

Amend Rule 2017 ("Blots", Power=1) to read:

      A entity's Stain is a measure of that entity's uncleanliness,
      measured in Blots.  The Stain of each entity is at all times a
      non-negative number.

      If the Rules state that an entity gains, is assessed, or is
      penalised some number of Blots, then, as soon as possible after
      the Herald is informed of the change, e shall record an increase
      of that amount in the entity's Stain.  (If the entity was an
      Unready Player at the time of the change, then the Herald shall
      instead record an increase of half that amount.)

      If the Rules state that some number of a entity's Blots are
      expunged, then, as soon as possible after the Herald is informed
      of the change, e shall record a decrease of that amount in the
      entity's Stain.  (If this would result in a negative Stain, then
      it instead results in a Stain of zero.)


Change the title of Rule 2018 (Expunging Blots with Indulgences) to 
"Expunging Blots", and amend it to read:

      A non-Immaculate entity may expunge a number of eir Blots, up
      to eir total Stain, by announcing the number of eir Blots e
      expunges; this has a Fee of 2 Kudos per expunged Blot.

Repeal Rule 1712 (Distribution of Indulgences).

Amend Rule 1747 (Pardoning Lawlessness) by replacing this text:

        iv) For three months after being Pardoned, the Pardoned Player
            may only use Indulgences to expunge Blots from eir record
            and may not transfer any Indulgences for any other
            purpose.

with this text:

        iv) For three months after being Pardoned, the Pardoned Player
            may not perform any Progressive Actions except expunging
            Blots from eir record, unless e is Immaculate.


Amend Rule 1439 (Default Penalty for Violating a Rule) to read:

      Violating a Rule is the Class N Crime of Disobedience, unless
      other Rules define or prohibit a penalty for the violation.  N
      is the Power of the violated Rule (rounded down to the nearest
      integer), or 4, whichever is less.


Amend Rule 2042 ("Team Wins", Power=1) to read:

      A Team achieves a Team Win when its Team Score reaches 400.

      The Scorekeepor shall make a public announcement of the Team Win
      as soon as possible after the Team Win is achieved.  The
      Scorekeepor shall then award each team member the Boon Team 
      Ribbon.

      Upon the Scorekeepor's announcement, all Players' Scores are set
      to zero.

Repeal Rule 1993 ("The Land of Arcadia", Power=2)
Repeal Rule 1994 ("Ownership of Land", Power=2)
Repeal Rule 1995 ("Land Types", Power=2)
Repeal Rule 1996 ("The Mapkeepor", Power=1)
Repeal Rule 1997 ("Defined Land Types and Subtypes", Power=1) 
Repeal Rule 1998 ("Land Topology", Power=1) 
Repeal Rule 2003 ("Actions in Arcadia", Power=1)
Repeal Rule 2004 ("Land Auctions", Power=1)
Repeal Rule 2005 ("Tolls", Power=1)
Repeal Rule 2022 ("Sente and Gote", Power=1) 
Repeal Rule 2046 ("Q*Bert (tm)", Power=1)


----------------------------------------------------------
