https://www.mail-archive.com/agora-discussion@agoranomic.org/msg49950.html

Re: DIS: Research Request: Economics

ais523 via agora-discussion Mon, 04 May 2020 10:56:19 -0700

On Mon, 2020-05-04 at 10:22 -0700, Kerim Aydin via agora-discussion
wrote:
> 2007        Nothing I think (big rules reset year).
> 
> 2008        Notes, Pitch, Conductor.  A fun and complex arrangement
> about earning notes on a scale and playing chords to perform actions.


The economy immediately before Notes, around or a little before the
time I registered, was based on colored VCs, which were very similar to
Glitter. Players also had persistent voting limits that could be built
up over time, and functioned as a sort of economy in its own right.

In fact, I think our economies came full circle in a way; although I
wasn't quite around at the time to see it happen, I think there were
originally some sort of colored awards for various classes of
achievement, that got split into two different categories (one of which
was Ribbons, the other of which evolved into Notes). Ribbons were
persistent and multiple Ribbons of the same sort were redundant with
each other / nonexistent, with a full set of Ribbons winning you the
game; VCs, and later Notes, were awarded for the same actions but could
be earned repeatedly and accumulated. So my guess is that originally
there were VCs, those got split into Ribbons and Notes, eventually that
economy got repealed but Ribbons were later resurrected in a form very
similar to the original, and then the introduction of Glitter
effectively brought back VCs.

The main innovation of Notes is that you needed to collect sets of
particular pitches in order to do anything, so the goal was, in effect,
to aim for particular /types/ of glitter to boost your economic
standings. Pitch was a stopgap for people who couldn't do that, an
action on a /very/ long cooldown (I can't remember whether it was 1
month or 3 months) that effectively replaced all your glitter-
equivalents with different color-equivalents, meaning that if you
specialised in a few actions you could accumulate lots of Notes of
those types, then shift your pitch so that your older Notes would start
forming combinations with your newer notes.

The best part of the economy in the Notes era, though, was that it
spawned an extensive and connected set of puns that spread throughout
the entire economy (e.g. a Rest, a negative Note, was the Blot
equivalent, and they were tracked by the Insulator, who was the
opposite of the Conductor).

-- 
ais523

